{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red79\green129\blue189;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c30980\c50588\c74118;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Akers, K.G., Doty, J., 2013. Disciplinary differences in faculty research data management practices and perspectives. International Journal of Digital Curation 8, 5\'9626. doi:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.2218/ijdc.v8i2.263"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 10.2218/ijdc.v8i2.263}}\
Availability of data & materials : Authors & referees @ npg [WWW Document], 2016. [WWW Document]. URL {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nature.com/authors/policies/availability.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 http://www.nature.com/authors/policies/availability.html}} (accessed 10.30.16).\
Ball, A., 2012. Review of data management lifecycle models.\
Beck, K., Beedle, M., van Bennekum, A., Cockburn, A., Cunningham, W., Fowler, M., Grenning, J., Highsmith, J., Hunt, A., Jeffries, R., Kern, J., Marick, B., Martin, R.C., Mellor, S., Schwaber, K., Sutherland, J., Thomas, D., 2001. Manifesto for Agile Software Development [WWW Document]. URL {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://agilemanifesto.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 http://agilemanifesto.org/}} (accessed 10.31.16).\
Heidorn, P.B., 2008. Shedding Light on the Dark Data in the Long Tail of Science. Library Trends 57, 280\'96299. doi:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1353/lib.0.0036"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 10.1353/lib.0.0036}}\
Information Systems, W.G. on, Services Data, D.S.I.G., 2011. Data Lifecycle Models and Concepts Version 1.0.\
Kennan, M.A., Markauskaite, L., 2015. Research Data Management Practices: A Snapshot in Time. International Journal of Digital Curation 10, 69\'9695. doi:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.2218/ijdc.v10i2.329"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 10.2218/ijdc.v10i2.329}}\
Kervin, K., Michener, W., Cook, R., 2013. Common Errors in Ecological Data Sharing. Journal of eScience Librarianship. doi:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.7191/jeslib.2013.1024"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 10.7191/jeslib.2013.1024}}\
M\'f6ller, K., 2013. Lifecycle models of data-centric systems and domains. Semantic Web 4, 67\'9688.\
NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION (NASA), 2016. HEASARC Data/Usage Statistics [WWW Document]. URL {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://heasarc.gsfc.nasa.gov/docs/heasarc/stats/stats.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 https://heasarc.gsfc.nasa.gov/docs/heasarc/stats/stats.html#arch_data}} (accessed 10.31.16).\
Obama, B., 2013. Executive Order 13642 - Making Open and Machine Readable the New Default for Government Information. Federal Register 78, 28111\'9693.\
Obama, B., 2012. 77 FR 32391: Building a 21st Century Digital Government.\
Obama, B., 2009. Transparency and Open Government.\
Office of Management and Budget (OMB), 2013. Memorandum for the Heads of Excutive Departments and Agencies - Open Data Policy \'96 Managing Information as an Asset. M-13-13.\
Office of Management and Budget (OMB), 2012. Digital government : Building a 21st century platform to better serve the American people. [Washington, D.C.] : [Washington, D.C.] :\
Office of Management and Budget (OMB), 2009. Memorandum for the Heads of Executive Departments and Agencies - Open Government Directive. M-10-06.\
Park, E.G., 2016. Session Two: OAIS Model & Digital Curation Lifecycle Model.\
Public Library of Science (PLOS), 2016. Data Availability [WWW Document]. URL {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://journals.plos.org/plosone/s/data-availability"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 http://journals.plos.org/plosone/s/data-availability}} (accessed 10.30.16).\
Tenopir, C., Allard, S., Douglass, K., Aydinoglu, A.U., Wu, L., Read, E., Manoff, M., Frame, M., 2011. Data Sharing by Scientists: Practices and Perceptions. PLoS ONE 6, e21101. doi:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0021101"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 10.1371/journal.pone.0021101}}\
Turner, V., 2016. Executive Summary: Data Growth, Business Opportunities, and the IT Imperatives | The Digital Universe of Opportunities: Rich Data and the Increasing Value of the Internet of Things [WWW Document]. URL {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.emc.com/leadership/digital-universe/2014iview/executive-summary.htm"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 http://www.emc.com/leadership/digital-universe/2014iview/executive-summary.htm}} (accessed 10.31.16).\
Vines, T.H., Albert, A.Y.K., Andrew, R.L., D\'e9barre, F., Bock, D.G., Franklin, M.T., Gilbert, K.J., Moore, J.-S., Renaut, S., Rennison, D.J., 2014. The Availability of Research Data Declines Rapidly with Article Age. Current Biology 24, 94\'9697. doi:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cub.2013.11.014"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 10.1016/j.cub.2013.11.014}}\
White, H.C., 2010. Considering Personal Organization: Metadata Practices of Scientists. Journal of Library Metadata 10, 156\'96172. doi:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1080/19386389.2010.506396"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 10.1080/19386389.2010.506396}}\
}